README.md, before:

# Tome
An application for artists to store, download, and organize their artworks.

## Synopsis
This is an extension of my winter project where I created a web app that allows authenticated users to upload images and add metadata to them and view those artworks by metadata. Artists need to keep records of artworks they've created. There are other platforms out on the market that do this, but not in a cost-effective and modern way.

## Proof of Concept update May 21 2025
I have been able to implement the signup and login functions of my app, but have not proceeded very far beyond that. I have js files stubbed in for artworks which is the next big thing that I need to tackle.

## Project Plan
- [x] Create the API and database connection for creating users and logging in
- [x] Enable a user to change their password
- [x] Create the API and database connection for Creating, Reading, updating and deleting artworks
- [ ] Create the API and database connection for Creating, Reading, updating and deleting tags
- [x] Utilize authentication so a user can only see their own artworks and tags
- [x] Combine the backend and frontend projects into one folder system
- [ ] Hook all of that up to the front-end I created in the last class
- [ ] Write tests that get me to 80% coverage
- [ ] Add the ability to download .pdfs of tagged artworks (nice to have)

## Schedule
* Tuesday, May 20 — Backend set up and all major functions completable in Postman/Compass
* Tuesday, May 27 — Front end react app hooked up to backend
* Tuesday, June 3 — Testing of 80% completed and possible deployment — Project due


## Reflection
Goes here. "Your project README should have a self-evaluation of your approach and results, what you learned, and what you would like to do differently or improve upon. Explain what worked well and what didn't. The expectation is that this will not be a brief statement."

Commit message:

updating to dos in the readme

README.md, after:

# Tome
An application for artists to store, download, and organize their artworks.

## Synopsis
This is an extension of my winter project where I created a web app that allows authenticated users to upload images and add metadata to them and view those artworks by metadata. Artists need to keep records of artworks they've created. There are other platforms out on the market that do this, but not in a cost-effective and modern way.

## Proof of Concept update May 21 2025
I have been able to implement the signup and login functions of my app, but have not proceeded very far beyond that. I have js files stubbed in for artworks which is the next big thing that I need to tackle.

## Project Plan
- [x] Create the API and database connection for creating users and logging in
- [x] Enable a user to change their password
- [x] Create the API and database connection for Creating, Reading, updating and deleting artworks
- [x] Utilize authentication so a user can only see their own artworks and tags
- [x] Combine the backend and frontend projects into one folder system
- [ ] Create a model, daos, and route for tags
- [ ] Point the POST routes to write to MongoDB (is this already done?)
- [ ] Point the POST artworks route to write the image to Firestore
- [ ] Delete the button component that I never used
- [ ] Perform other cleanup operations to tidy up all the files
- [ ] Remove the old frontend test with all of the mocking stuff that I did for winter quarter
- [ ] Check the coverage for tests with npm test -- --coverage
- [ ] Write more tests so that the coverage is 80%+
- [ ] Modify the .pdf creation so that it brings in images and the right content from the database

## Schedule
* Tuesday, May 20 — Backend set up and all major functions completable in Postman/Compass
* Tuesday, May 27 — Front end react app hooked up to backend
* Tuesday, June 3 — Testing of 80% completed and possible deployment — Project due


## Reflection
Goes here. "Your project README should have a self-evaluation of your approach and results, what you learned, and what you would like to do differently or improve upon. Explain what worked well and what didn't. The expectation is that this will not be a brief statement."
